Add ZenML as official Docker template (#717)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-sdks-docker-zenml.md

# ZenML on Spaces

[ZenML](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml) is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework for creating portable, production-ready MLOps pipelines. It's built for Data Scientists, ML Engineers, and MLOps Developers to collaborate as they develop to production.

ZenML offers a simple and flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has
interfaces/abstractions catered toward ML workflows. With ZenML you'll have all
your favorite tools in one place, so you can tailor a workflow that caters to
your specific needs.

> This Huggingface Space allows you to get up and running with a deployed version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ZenML Huggingface Space allows you to get up and running with a deployed version
```

which, when you click on it, will offer you a menu option to "Embed this Space".
(See [the HuggingFace
documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/spaces-embed) for more details on
this feature.) Copy the "Direct URL" shown in the box that you can now see on
the screen. This should look something like this:
`https://<YOUR_USERNAME>-<SPACE_NAME>.hf.space`.

You can now use this URL to connect to your ZenML server from your local machine
with the following CLI command (after installing ZenML, and using your custom
URL instead of the placeholder):

```shell
zenml connect --url '<YOUR_HF_SPACES_DIRECT_URL>' --username='default' --password=''
```

You can also use the Direct URL in your browser to use the ZenML dashboard as a
fullscreen application (i.e. without the HuggingFace Spaces wrapper around it).

## Extra Configuration Options

By default the ZenML application will be configured to use a SQLite
non-persistent database. If you want to use a persistent database, you can
configure this by amending the `Dockerfile` in your Space's root directory. For
full details on the various parameters you can change, see [our reference

> documentation](./docker.md#zenml-server-configuration-options) on configuring

Reviewer: Should this be pointing to https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml/docker#zenml-server-configuration-options?

Author: Correct. Thanks for catching that!

ZenML when deployed with Docker.

{% hint style="info" %}
If you are using the space just for testing and experimentation, you don't need
to make any changes to the configuration. Everything will work out of the box.
{% endhint %}

You can also use an external secrets backend together with your HuggingFace
Spaces as described in [our

> documentation](./docker.md#zenml-server-configuration-options). You should be

Reviewer: https://docs.zenml.io/getting-started/deploying-zenml/docker#zenml-server-configuration-options?

Author: Correct again. Fixed now.
